
Additional Message Editor Changes:

  1.  Non-abortable message changes (New User, etc):

      A. File attachment not allowed - Attaching a file
         would change the original subject of the message.

      B. Title change not allowed - The original receiver and
         subject should remain the same.

         Note:  The user can not abort or save a message that
                contains no text.

  2.  File attachment changes:

      A.  In previous releases, a user with file attachment access
          was not warned if they tried to attach a file when a file
          was already attached. However, this basically allowed the
          user to swap out the file should they attach an incorrect
          file.  In this release, if a file is already attached, the
          attached file will be displayed and the user will be prompted
          to replace the file.  I took this a step further, a user may
          also want to remove the attached file all together.  Presently,
          there is no option for this without aborting the message.
          Therefore, an option has been added for removing the attached
          file.  In this case, the user is also prompted to change the
          message subject.  If the subject contains no text, removing
          the attached file is aborted.

  3.  Error messages:

      A.  I did not feel there was adequate messages to the user as to
          certain editor options.  So, this area has been greatly
          expanded.  For example: Pressing "C" to clear a message
          when the message contains no text, now informs the user of
          this situation rather then nothing at all.

  4.  Empty messages:

      A.  In an effort to reduce the possibilty of an empty message being
          saved, the following apply:

          1.  All null lines at the end of a message are deleted.
          2.  All lines at the end of a message containing nothing
              but spaces are deleted.

          NOTE:  Lines are reviewed in reverse order up to the first
                 line containing text. The user will not be able to
                 save the message unless it contains some kind of
                 text.

  5.  Title change:

      A.  In certain cases, changing the title would actually remove
          the subject of the message.  I believe this error has now
          been corrected.