Renegade Bug Fix's/Enhancements:

  1.  You will now be prompted to set the upload path to the download
      path when editing the download path in the File Area Editor.  The
      'D' option has been removed due to drive conflicts.

  2.  The File Area Delete option has been modified to prompt you to
      delete the download/upload directory if they are not being utilized
      by another file area.

  3.  The Message Area Editor has made modified with the following:

      A. The message area listing will now display one page at a time
         verses scrolling to the prompt.

      B. The File Area Name can not be blank or the default of
         << New Message Area >>.

      C. The File Area File Name can not be blank or the default of
         NEWBOARD.

      D. The Message Path for Echomail/Groupmail can not be blank.

      E. The Message AKA Address for Echomail/Groupmail must be an
         active address setup in the System Configuration.

      F. The Message Origin for Echomail/Groupmail/QWKmail can not be
         blank.

      G. Unused fields in the Insert/Modify command will now
         display *None*.

      H. The Message Area Insert command will now display the Message
         Area information for editing verses just inserting the
         new record and then requiring you to go to the modify
         command to edit. You will not be able to save the
         new message area until all of the above items are correct.
         Upon completion of editing the inserted record, you will
         be prompted to save or discard the new message area.  The
         message directory and the data files will be auto-created
         after the new message area is saved.  The *.SCN file will
         also be updated for all users to scan this file area.

      I. The Message Area Delete command will no longer prompt to
         delete the data files if the message area file name is being
         utilized by another file area. This option has also been
         modified to prompt you to delete the message directory if it
         is not being utilized by another message area.

      J. The Message Area Modify command will auto-create the
         message directory and data files after editing or
         changing to another file area.  The *.SCN file will
         also be updated to ensure all users are toggled to
         scan this message area.  You will not be able to save the
         message area you are editing until all of the above items
         are correct. This command has also been modified
         to scan the user file for deleted users and to set the
         *.SCN file to allow new scan for the next user to utilize
         this message area.

      K. Other changes included added some missing help data for
         certain commands and color changes.

  4.  I recommend that you access the Message Area Modify command
      once you have installed this update and toggle thru all
      message areas and make corrections to your message areas as they
      are presented to you.



