Renegade Updates/Enhancements:

  1. The message area display header was off by one character, fixed.

  2. In the past, the maximum number of message areas allowed was 2048 with
     compression turned on and 32767 with it turned off.  Renegade will
     now support 32767 message areas with compression on or off.

  3. The message area listing will now display the message areas one page
     at a time vice scrolling thru the entire list.  The '?' will now
     re-list the message areas starting from message area 1. Pressing <CR>
     will now display the next page (it will also restart the listing from
     message area 1 when the last message area is reached). Pressing 'Q'
     will exit the message area display. Previously, this procedure opened
     all 3 files associated to a message (*.HDR, *.DAT & *.SCN) to read
     the message area scan flag. This process sould now be faster since it
     now only opens the *.SCN file.

  4. The message area change listing will now display the message areas
     one page at a time vice scrolling thru the entire list.  The '?' will
     now re-list the message areas starting from message area 1. Pressing
     <CR> will now display the next page (it will also restart the listing
     from message area 1 when the last message area is reached). Pressing
     'Q' will exit the message area display. Entering an invalid message
     area will redisplay the current page.

  5. The message area set scan listing will now display the message areas
     one page at a time vice scrolling thru the entire list.  The '?' will
     now re-list the message areas starting from message area 1. Pressing
     <CR> will now display the next page (it will also restart the listing
     from message area 1 when the last message area is reached). Pressing
     'Q' will exit the message area display. Previously, this procedure
     opened all 3 files associated to a message area (*.HDR, *.DAT & *.SCN)
     to set the message area scan flag on or off. This process sould now be
     faster since it now only opens the *.SCN file. Also, this procedure
     will now only set the scan on message areas the user has access to.
     The message area scan char has been moved to the left of the message
     area number vice between it and the message area description.

  6. The file area delete command will now prompt to remove the download
     and upload directory if they are not being utilized by another file
     area.
