Renegade Bug Fix's/Enhancements:

  1.  Fixed a bug that would not allowing the saving of an added voting
      answer by the user.

  2.  The Voting Topic Editor has made modified with the following:

      A. The Voting Topic Editor has been modified to have pretty much
         the same look and feel of the Menu Editor.

      B. The Voting Topic and Topic Choice Editor Listing will now
         display one page at a time verses scrolling to the prompt.

      C. The Voting Topic and Topic Choice Editor question and answer
         can not be blank or the default of << New Voting Topic >> or
         << New Topic Choice >>.

      D. Unused fields in the Voting Topic and Topic Choice Editor
         Insert/Modify command will now display *None*.

      E. The Voting Topic and Topic Choice Editor Insert command will
         now display the Topic and Choice Record information for editing
         verses just inserting the new record and then requiring you to
         go to the modify command to edit. You will not be able to save
         the new topic or choice record until all of the above items
         are correct. Upon completion of editing the inserted record,
         you will be prompted to save or discard the new Topic record.

      F. The Reset Topic option has been moved to the Voting Topic Editor
         Main screen and is accessed by pressing "R".  You will then be
         prompted to enter the record number of the topic you want to
         reset.

      G. A Recalculate Voting Topics command has also been added to the
         Voting Topic Editor main screen and is accessed by pressing "S".
         This option will clear all voting data from the voting topic
         records. It will then access the vote array for all User Records
         and update the voting topic records based on what question the
         user voted on and the choice the user made.  This option excludes
         deleted users and will ensure that the values in the user.vote
         array are set to zero.  Depending on Sysop Input, locked out users
         could also be excluded per above.

      E. Other changes included adding some missing help data for
         certain commands and color changes.

  3.  I recommend that you access the Voting Topic Modify Command
      once you have installed this update and toggle thru all
      of the voting topic records and make corrections as they are
      presented to you.



