Renegade Updates

FC Cmd (Files.BBS Importer)

1.  Optimized by removing a duplicate procedure.
2.  Reports duplicate files in the Sysop.log.
3.  Reports missing files in the Sysop.log.
4.  The "Hatched" flag is now set for all imported files.
5.  The user can now enter file points per file uploaded when not
    in the waiting for caller screen (Parameter switch -F).
6.  All User/System upload statistics are checked for variable overrun.

*1 Cmd (Edit Files)

1.  File name change will no longer allow renaming a file if the new file
    names exists in the upload or download path.
2.  The Filesize limit as been increased to allow for a maximum of 1.9 Gigs.
    You now also have the choice of updating with the actual file size or
    entering whatever you like up to the 1.9 Gig limit.
3.  You may now interactively edit the file description.
4.  Changing the user name or number now reports an error if the user
    does not exist.
5.  Changing the upload date of the file will not allow entry of a date
    beyond the current date.
6.  The number of downloads has been increased to allow up to 2147483647.
7.  The modify extended description option has been revamped.  If one exists,
    you will first be asked if you would like to delete it, if one doesn't, you
    will be asked if you would like to create one.  If you decide to keep the
    exisiting one or created one, you will be taken to the standard full screen
    message editor, the old line by line edit mode has been removed.  Existing
    extended descriptions will be copied into the message editor for editing.
    All message editing option are available for line edit or full screen edit
    mode.
8.  The file move cmd has been revamped provides clearer error message.
9.  The User Editor option will now display messages if the user doesn't meet
    the access requirement and also default to User #1 if the current owner
    of the file has been deleted.
10. All User/System upload statistics are checked for variable overrun.

Please add this note to the one about ext desc now being 99 lines

NOTE:

  The way extended description were handled has been revamped.  Prior to this
  release, every extended description required 950 bytes of hard drive space rather
  the description required it or not and was limited to 19 lines.  This version now
  allows up to 99 lines of 50 chars each and will only require space for the
  actual characters utilized plus one byte for every line in the description.
  For example:  "This is a great file" would only require 20 + 1 byte or 21 bytes
  of harddrive space verses the old minimum of 950 bytes.